In order to use the program, it is first necessary to download a number of files. A complete directory with all files is available on the Github page, along with a file called export.tar.gz, which contains all necessary files to run the program, along with some example library exports to test against. There are also some files from the Goodreads book graph dataset project, needed for the functionality of the program and are only to be used in this academic manner. In order to use this program, download the export.tar.gz file, which should be able to be decompressed by various tools, such as 7zip. The program, main.py is in the code folder, while the needed datasets and the example library exports are in the data folder. In order to add one’s own Goodreads library, there is an article provided by Goodreads describing the specific steps that must be taken in order to do so. Before being able to run the program, two file from the Goodreads book graph dataset must be downloaded, goodreads_interactions.csv and book_id_map.csv from under the Bookshelves subheading under the Datasets heading of the project’s website. These would be placed in the data folder of the program. They are not provided in the program files in order to limit any sort of accidental copyright infringement. Finally, to select the desired library, one simply modifies the ‘EXPORT’ variable at the top of the main.py file with the desired export library to be used to recommend new books, before running the python program. This was done to allow for more fine-grained and customizable control of the file’s name without making it necessary to have to remember the exact names of each of the different example libraries. The execution of the program will take a number of minutes, depending on the size of the exported library and the number of cores in the CPU, ranging from a few minutes to over half an hour. A larger library may tend to yield more accurate results, as more data is available, as seen with the example export libraries. 
-  https://help.goodreads.com/s/article/How-do-I-import-or-export-my-books-1553870934590
-  https://mengtingwan.github.io/data/goodreads
